Staking withdrawals page (#9248)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/staking/solo/index.md

<StakingHowSoloWorks />

While active you will earn ETH rewards, which will be periodically deposited into your withdrawal address.

> If ever desired, you can exit as a validator which eliminates the requirement to be online, and stops any further rewards. Your remaining balance will then be withdrawn an Ethereum account that you designate during setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ever desired, you can exit as a validator which eliminates the requirement to be online, and stops any further rewards. Your remaining balance will then be withdrawn to the withdrawal address that you designate during setup.
```
I think this is what you were going for
